README.md, before:

Project Title: Easy-Fit Public

Project Overview:

Easy-Fit Public is a web-based application designed to provide a user-friendly platform for gym-goers to find and book fitness classes, personal training sessions, and equipment usage. The application aims to streamline the fitness experience, making it easy for users to achieve their fitness goals.

Functional Requirements:

1. User Registration and Login

- Users can register and log in using email, phone number, or social media accounts.
- Users can view and edit their profiles.

1. Fitness Class Booking

- Users can search and book fitness classes by location, date, time, and class type.
- Users can view class schedules, descriptions, and instructor information.

1. Personal Training Session Booking

- Users can search and book personal training sessions with certified trainers.
- Users can view trainer profiles, specialties, and availability.

1. Equipment Usage Booking

- Users can book equipment usage by location, date, and time.
- Users can view equipment availability and descriptions.

1. Payment Gateway

- Users can make secure payments using credit/debit cards or online payment methods.

1. Notification System

- Users receive notifications for booking confirmations, cancellations, and reminders.

1. Admin Dashboard

- Admins can manage user accounts, bookings, and payments.
- Admins can add/remove fitness classes, trainers, and equipment.

Non-Functional Requirements:

1. Performance: The application should respond within 2 seconds for each user interaction.

2. Security: The application should ensure secure data storage and transmission using SSL encryption.

3. Usability: The application should have an intuitive interface for easy navigation.

4. Compatibility: The application should be compatible with desktop, tablet, and mobile devices.

User Interface Requirements:

1. Home Page: Display fitness classes, personal training sessions, and equipment usage options.

2. Search Page: Allow users to search for classes, trainers, and equipment.

3. Booking Page: Display booking details, including date, time, location, and price.

4. Profile Page: Display user profile information and booking history.

System Requirements:

1. Operating System: Linux or Windows Server.

2. Programming Languages: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, or Python.

3. Database Management System: MySQL or MongoDB.

4. Web Server: Apache or Nginx.

Testing Requirements:

1. Unit Testing: Test individual components for functionality.

2. Integration Testing: Test interactions between components.

3. System Testing: Test the entire application for performance and security.

Deployment Requirements:

1. Hosting: Cloud hosting (AWS or Google Cloud).

2. Maintenance: Regular updates and backups.

Acceptance Criteria:

1. The application allows users to register and log in successfully.

2. The application displays fitness classes, personal training sessions, and equipment usage options.

3. The application allows users to book and pay for services successfully.

4. The application sends notifications for booking confirmations and reminders.

By following these requirements, Easy-Fit Public will provide a seamless and user-friendly experience for fitness enthusiasts to achieve their fitness goals.

Commit message:

Updated README with missing sections

README.md, after:

Project Title: Easy-Fit Public

# easy-fit

**Description:** This library allows you to parse .FIT files easily using JavaScript. It's particularly useful for developers working with fitness tracking data.

## Installation
To install the library, use npm:

```bash
npm install easy-fit --save


Project Overview:

Easy-Fit Public is a web-based application designed to provide a user-friendly platform for gym-goers to find and book fitness classes, personal training sessions, and equipment usage. The application aims to streamline the fitness experience, making it easy for users to achieve their fitness goals.

Functional Requirements:

1. User Registration and Login

- Users can register and log in using email, phone number, or social media accounts.
- Users can view and edit their profiles.

1. Fitness Class Booking

- Users can search and book fitness classes by location, date, time, and class type.
- Users can view class schedules, descriptions, and instructor information.

1. Personal Training Session Booking

- Users can search and book personal training sessions with certified trainers.
- Users can view trainer profiles, specialties, and availability.

1. Equipment Usage Booking

- Users can book equipment usage by location, date, and time.
- Users can view equipment availability and descriptions.

1. Payment Gateway

- Users can make secure payments using credit/debit cards or online payment methods.

1. Notification System

- Users receive notifications for booking confirmations, cancellations, and reminders.

1. Admin Dashboard

- Admins can manage user accounts, bookings, and payments.
- Admins can add/remove fitness classes, trainers, and equipment.

Non-Functional Requirements:

1. Performance: The application should respond within 2 seconds for each user interaction.

2. Security: The application should ensure secure data storage and transmission using SSL encryption.

3. Usability: The application should have an intuitive interface for easy navigation.

4. Compatibility: The application should be compatible with desktop, tablet, and mobile devices.

User Interface Requirements:

1. Home Page: Display fitness classes, personal training sessions, and equipment usage options.

2. Search Page: Allow users to search for classes, trainers, and equipment.

3. Booking Page: Display booking details, including date, time, location, and price.

4. Profile Page: Display user profile information and booking history.

System Requirements:

1. Operating System: Linux or Windows Server.

2. Programming Languages: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, or Python.

3. Database Management System: MySQL or MongoDB.

4. Web Server: Apache or Nginx.

Testing Requirements:

1. Unit Testing: Test individual components for functionality.

2. Integration Testing: Test interactions between components.

3. System Testing: Test the entire application for performance and security.

Deployment Requirements:

1. Hosting: Cloud hosting (AWS or Google Cloud).

2. Maintenance: Regular updates and backups.

Acceptance Criteria:

1. The application allows users to register and log in successfully.

2. The application displays fitness classes, personal training sessions, and equipment usage options.

3. The application allows users to book and pay for services successfully.

4. The application sends notifications for booking confirmations and reminders.

By following these requirements, Easy-Fit Public will provide a seamless and user-friendly experience for fitness enthusiasts to achieve their fitness goals.
